---
layout: post
title: "Week Eight Blog Post"
date: 2015-08-10 08:25:52 -0500
comments: true
categories:
---
# YWebCA

## Week Eight Class Update
Wow, can't really believe that we're eight weeks in. Seems like we started less than a month ago. Anyways, this week was pretty cool. Monday, we got a bit of a surprise when we were told that the class would now be at Adorable's new office downtown. I kinda do like the aspect of being able to have class at a more work like setting, with the whole thing of being at an actual office. On the other hand, I kind of thought that the decision was a little last second and was questionable. I can understand why some people were not content when they were told about this. Parking is a disaster downtown, It'll take more time to go down there, and other stuff. Hopefully, the pros do outweigh the cons.

I've been trying some jQuery this week (pun not intended) and I feel that I've got a real good idea around it. I don't find it too hard nor do I feel like it'll give me any trouble. I've also looked into some CodePen projects that people have done with jQuery, and honestly, it's really amazing what people can do with it. I'm hoping I'll be able to recreate something that is as cool as what people have done on CodePen.

On Friday, we went to another field trip with the class. This time, we visited the office of ZenDesk by downtown Madison. Right off the bat, I could tell this was a pretty chill and refreshing place. A basic overview of ZenDesk, what they do and what it is, was given to use before the tour of the building. Basically, ZenDesk is used to create a better customer support and communication to the business that they offer their service to. The presentation was done in their cool kitchen/lunch room, which I thought was cool to have. We started the tour at the reception desk of the office, were there was a freaking living moss wall by the receptionist. No wonder the place seemed so fresh. We later got to see the desks of all the people that worked there, and I kinda got giddy at what was there. Instead of having dreaded cubicles that everyone seems to hate, the desks of each person, which by the way could change pretty easily (wish all jobs would have that), was side by side, next to one another. Everyone's desk was decorated to their own taste, with prizes, figurines, plushies, and other decorations. A lot of people also had whisky bottles as well. I saw that not only did people have Gundam, Superhero, and video game figurines (shout out the guy with the huge Murloc figure and a fucking Doomhammer replica), they also brought their own peripherals as well. I saw a guy with Ducky Shine 2 Keyboard, as well as a guy with the original Corsair K70 keyboard (red switches maybe? Didn't seem too quiet, so maybe browns) and another with a Das Keyboard (pretty sure they were blues; they were loud af). People also brought different monitors and monitor layouts, with one memorable one where two monitors were in a 'V' formation. Seemed like a lot of people hate bezels; lots of thin bezel monitors. Later, during a great lunch of subs and salad, we had a small Q&A session (kinda) with some of the employees in ZenDesk. You could tell that although they take this job seriously, they enjoy working here and are even loving it. They were really honest about the things they thought about the company, such as thinking there has to be catch to be in this company since it sounds to good to be true. The experience and knowledge we got out of this place was remarkable. Although I'm very unlikely to get into ZenDesk since I don't have any experience with customer service, as well as not being too interested in doing that, I wouldn't mind working here at all and I have to give some mad respect for ZenDesk, especially since they have done a lot for the Madison community (they donated $75,000 to charity and have done a ton of community service hours as well). Honestly, props to them and I hope the best to the workers at ZenDesk.

## Personal Stuff
This week consisted of a lot of planning and writing for my essays for college. I honestly think this is a little more exhausting than the class right now, considering the fact that this is a big and important part of my life right now. I was able, though, to have some time off this Friday. I few friends and I decided to just mess around at my place. We played some Injustice, DMC 4, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Rocket League (boy, that one was fun), some Halo 4, and the Expendabros we were able to beat that game in about 2 hours of mashing the crap out of buttons and keys (one friend had a PS4 controller, one had an Xbox One controller, one had an Xbox 360 controller and I had the keyboard and mouse). We had a lot of laughs together as well as just talking about how school's going to be like very soon. Honestly, it was a great time to just chill and hang out with some friends. I think I was little overdue with some fun at that point.
