---
layout: post
title: "Week Ten Blog Post"
date: 2015-08-24 11:09:14 -0500
comments: true
categories:
---
#YWebCA

##Week Ten Update
Wow, this is probably the most action packed week so far throughout this course. We started with doing the group projects on Monday, where we got our project team captain, Akbar and Kevin. I got placed in Kevin's group, and we started to talk about possible ideas for the project. After some brainstorming and idea-sharing, we finally decided to plan on making a bilingual web development index website for Spanish speakers to learn web development terminology. On Tuesday, each team got to meet their project managers for the group and we got paired up with Toni from Bendyworks, who is also their project manager over there. We talked about organizing our whole team and assigning roles, jobs, design ideas, and setting up a Trello board for keeping track of all our tasks and work. On Wednesday, we continued with some of our personal stuff in the morning and met up with our project managers briefly. We also spoke with Chris Coyier, who is the project manager for Akbar's team, and helped us with the CSS design for the website, as well as helping out with the layout of the whole website itself. We also set up the install-fest for the Railsbridge workshop for Thursday, so we downloaded all the necessary stuff for the workshop on our computers. We spent all day learning about Ruby and Ruby on Rails Thursday. I honestly learned a lot about Ruby and why it's used a lot for back-end web development. I really liked learning about Ruby and got really comfortable after a while with it. I did like the simplicity it had for creating the back-end portion of a website. I guess it was also a good introduction for the Madison+ Ruby Conference. I was only able to see the first 4 presentations on Friday, but they were of high quality and were genuinely interesting for me, especially the second one about diversity since it was the most relevant to me. I really wished it was not the last Madison+ Ruby Conference since I really wanted to go to something like this again in the future.

##Personal Stuff
For the most part of Saturday, I spent most of my time with my dad since I haven't really been with him for most of the summer. I played a lot of songs with him on the guitar and bass just to get more quality time together. We joked for a bit how we could make those sterotypical family music groups since my uncle used to play with my dad in their own band years ago, and my older cousin used to play the drums as well. I do think that would at least be a nice bonding time for all of us since my dad and my uncle don't do a lot of stuff together as often as they did before. On Sunday, I took the last summer trip with my friends to Mount Olympus, where, although a litte chilly, was a great time for all of us. We went to the wave pool to get draggede by the waves and just messing around, played some basketball and skeeball, look rediculous playing a Korean/Japanese Dance Dance Revolution clone, get t-boned on the go-karts, eating expensive park food, getting in the lazy rivers, and going on the Hades 360 roller coaster. Overall, we had a great time together and planned out for the upcoming school year.
